GECAM news (#315)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/news.mdx

<h2 className="">News and Events</h2>
<Collection>
  <CollectionItem
    variantComponent={
      <CollectionCalendarDate datetime={'September 22, 2022'} />
    }
  >
    <CollectionHeading headingLevel="h3">

>       GECAM New Notice Type Available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      New GECAM Notice Types Available
```

    </CollectionHeading>
    <CollectionDescription>

>       The GCN system has been modified to incorporate the distribution of the
>       [GECAM Notices](https://gcn.nasa.gov/missions/gecam). GECAM notices are
>       available via GCN Classic Over Kafka, and the newly released [self-service
>       configuration of GCN Notices over
>       email](#Self-Service-Configuration-of-Email-Notifications-for-GCN-Notices)
>       as well as GCN Classic distribution methods and formats (binary socket,
>       VOEvent xml socket, text via email and SMS). To unsubscribe or edit GCN
>       Classic subscriptions, please [contact
>       us](https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/Feedback?selected=gcnclassic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      GCN now distributes notices from the [GECAM](https://gcn.nasa.gov/missions/gecam) mission. Start streaming GECAM notices using [GCN Classic over Kafka](/quickstart), have them [delivered to your email inbox using self-service email subscriptions](#Self-Service-Configuration-of-Email-Notifications-for-GCN-Notices), or 
receive them as legacy notices using GCN Classic. To modify GCN
      Classic subscriptions, please [contact
      us](https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/Feedback?selected=gcnclassic).
```
